Miss Lin, my special chairperson's order
Send some congratulations
Congratulations to Miss Lin
Hmph, this lamp was sent from Ye Longyuan
Sengoku bronzes
Millennium Snow Lotus
Dahan Golden Wing
They're priceless.
The worst thousand-year-old Jinsi Nanmu River
Also worth millions
How about this gift?
Are you sure this is from him?
I don't know him.
Gift has been delivered.
My mission is complete.
Hahaha, I'll just say it.
A three-year-old loser
How could he possibly afford such an expensive gift?
Yue Longyuan, you really let me down
Blinded by the corpse
Our neighbor is really going to take off, haha.
Even foreign chambers of commerce have sent such a generous gift
young sister
Your Chen family has lifted a lot of weight in foreign chambers of commerce
Is this congratulatory gift not the suggestion of the Chen family?
Could it be a surprise from my father?
Seal my Lang Family Lin Tianjiao
The parents laughed.
This is what my father prepared
You are so shameless
These gifts are what I asked the Universal Chamber of Commerce to prepare
The Universal Chamber of Commerce listens to you
Are you going to say it again?
The president of the Universal Chamber of Commerce is you?
I'm not the president of the Universal Chamber of Commerce
But the Universal Chamber of Commerce will listen to me
Let this trash go
President of the International Chamber of Commerce
How many families want to curry favor and others will listen to you
Shaojie
This golden nanmu box needs a password to open it.
Do you know what's inside?
Something given by yourself
Don't you know?
That was my father's suggestion.
The congratulatory gift prepared by the president, I don't know, is it strange?
Did you know
Of course I know.
This box contains my Tianmen Kunlun Hall
The banquet is also to be held at this Longmen banquet
Should have given tomorrow the meaning of being in charge